I love that
What's your name um I'm suman and I'm 21 years old and [when] you're gonna sing today. I'm gonna sing touch my fire budgeting
chance of a lifetime you
Touch my fire yeah, can you [feel] the heat?
My crazy rhythms Gonna knock you off your feet come on and touch my fire, but don't you break away?
Burn all [your] troubles say goodbye to yesterday
Get the dirty does it did it did [it]? Did it? Did it it touch my fire
Wow
No, that's why I come. I just do the call was good. [I'm] a bit nervous
Tragedy when Fear is no need and go on this tragedy when the morning time you don't know why it not too bad we know
Lovie [we're] going nowhere
And that's Bg's and then my favorite ones aqua Barbie girl
Hey, Barbie, hi Dad. [you] wanna go for a jog and jump in?
I'm a Barbie girl in the Barbie world life in plastic. It's fantastic
You can brush my hair undress me everywhere imagination
Life is your creation
Come on Barbie. Let's go party. Oh
Come on Barbie. Let's go party. [hey]
I won't have you damaged fun well Bobby. We're just getting started. [I] love you. Can [alright] is this a joke no
I've been up and down
bingo and round and round
I've been all over Town [I]
always come back to your
have [Aa]
You can't sing you can't dance [that] [is] a complete lie
That's right
I'm tired of crying
And all you [lane]
That's why I am by
Our lips are true
I changed all
My lives just like I'm Gonna stop something. It's not yours really sir
There is a little bit of a Charisma problem, John. That's my main concern
I don't think you would excite an audience
Mrs., Joe
We got a fee
Going on
We both know [Donny's] wrong, but it's much too [strong] to let it go now
We meet every day at the same cafe
6:30 I know one. Oh, she'll be there
Holding hands making all kinds of plans
[well] a do [pose] plays our favor. We saw
me
And Mrs., Mrs.. Jones, Mrs.. Jones, Mrs.. Jones BC. True
Steven you've got one of the weirdest voices I've ever heard in my life
It is [a] bit strange. It's [right] [if] more than [a] bit strange. It's really weird in what way
Bizarre will have no power in your voice at all
There's no strength nothing. I mean if if you were to sing at a place
But there was no microphone nobody could hear into your heart
When he's talking to you, [I] don't know where you?
Going and I don't know why
Listen to Your Heart
before
You tell him goodbye
Your problem is cut lorna. Is that you don't sing like a human being no use your voice sounds like a little sheep
Yeah, don't sounds like a no-brainer. Yeah, you don't sound like a human and that is the fundamental
Problem we have here
You look great, but you sound awful
by the look in your eye
I can tell you're Gonna cry
is it over me if it is save your tears for I'm
Not worth it you see
For I'm the type of boy, who's always?
[oh], I know
Wherever I lay my hat that's my home. I'm telling you. That's my home
Good well, that's the worst we've had today
Can I just ask you one question david who was the person that told you you could sing?
Some somebody works on me. I've got a good voice
Was it a bloke yes? It's whining you are well
I can see you home with me, but you [were] with another man
Yeah, I know we ain't got much to say
Before I let you get away
Yeah
Be my girl be my girl. Are you gonna be back?
Yeah, wow
Yes, or no no no no okay. Thank you very much all right tito
Come on, babe. Why don't we paint that sound and all that chance?
I'm gonna lose my knees and roll my
stockings down and all that jazz
Start the gum. I know what whoopee spots where the gin is cold
But that piano sucks just too noisy all where there was nightly brawl and all
that
jazz
hey, Shake apart and Brandon fuck
[Seeger] [oh] Richard. It wasn't great. If I'm being on this video. It was very theatrical
It was just a bit weird. [I] thought it was different
maybe receive man
Gala fucking hot stuff go to fucking love tonight
[yeah]
You're an animal yeah, yeah, I am
I
[haven't] [anymore] I
Am down, and oh my soul, so weary
when troubles come
my
burdened be
I am still
You raise me up so I can stand on mountains
You raise me up to walk on stormy Seas I?
[am] strong when
I am on your shoulders
you raise me up, so
I can stand on mountains
You raise me up to walk on stormy sea
Raise me up
to more than I can
be
you
raise me [up], so
I can stand on my mountain
Raise me up to more than I can be
Thank you
We want a second song no no no no no [justice]
[Lu] is a sleeping aid, [I've] never heard anything more boring in my life stars on your own Ryan sure
What's [odd] [is] yeah, I'm frank pages up from Green eyes
You may be a king you may possess the world and all its gold the gold won't bring you happiness
When you're growing hold your no body to a sup body
Loves you you're very fit quite fits on
show
Show you how fine
Yes
All right, that's great
one two three my country whoops
Frank if this was a dancing competition [I] would put you through to [the] next road yeah a singing competition
We're gonna have to say no some but thank you very much. Oh think about what you do at me under it
Is on that I see you all thanks a lot. I think
Frank out you go, I don't kill yes. I stake you all they bite you all
Bye-Bye, okay? [oh], [frank]
ochoa
This laughing good enough for you for my world will lift you up
I [will] change my life to better suit your mood
Because you're so smooth gimme your heart make it real all of us forget about it. Oh
You're so mean
where I come from
You know my story?
[I'm] here to make it please
Make you right
Well, I know that [I] can foolish, but I promise you no more [I]
finally found it something were eaten for
I'm not here to say. I'm sorry
I'm not here like you
I'm here saving [me]
Sorry, [I've] got to stop that who did you sing this song to before you got here today?
[yeah], my family hold on. What did they say I wasn't always good [a] [wee], but they said it was good
Yeah, okay [off] you go if a face could launch
A
thousand ships
There's no you on home with you
you
Just left me - oh
Okay, thank you
It's a beautiful [soul] Louie
Absolutely, no, you've done to the world
Look, what we've done
What about all the peace that you pledged your only son?
Did you ever stop to notice?
all the children dead from war
Did you ever stop [to] notice?
It's crying at the sweeping sure
ah
But sorry y'all [doesn't] [plan] I thought that was a fair. I thought that's a solid wall. [oh]
Wow, that's our really doesn't it
sure
No, it doesn't it. Oh
What the hell was that?
Wow, my voice is in there. Sorry to say seriously [uh] I am a tree performer
I've been in karaoke finals without looking the screen, and I've had ninety [five] percent of the audience on my side
I'm gonna be honest with you only curve
It is one of the worst I've ever ever heard you're the world you are my night
[today]
[if] Aa
She says to me
That it's the end of my world
the end of my world the end of my world
What is the hint of your singing career that's official know?
That dreams are hard to follow, but don't let anyone
Tear them away yeah. Yeah
hold
And there will be tomorrow
In time you'll find all oh
so
sharply
I'm Gonna stop this it is so way off
Way off Mariah Carey [it] is
My voice is what line number?
now you
Didn't hit a helpline
you